previously on chief Stuart outsider
after a rocky start to the outdoor
season chanter turned historic Red Bud
national we can in Michigan
unfortunately things didn't go as
planned what do you think adjustment
wise you need to make for moto 2 I don't
know I don't know I need upon some of
himself some self-discipline or
something yeah I've been working really
hard maybe too hard but uh I don't know
maybe I need a girl sack
well after the first moto we discovered
physically where we're at with James I
think we got into the Moto and we've
made progress since he first heard it
but we're still not that one percent we
got to build our conditioning back up
earlier this season James went down hard
and sustained injuries to his wrist even
after four weeks of rehab he wasn't back
to 100
I think he also realizes you know these
guys have been racing all along and then
we lost basically four good weeks there
so it's gonna take probably about three
or four weeks to get back to where we
were but realistic about it
we'll just take a day-by-day and keep
working keep plugging away while the
team is optimistic James found himself
once again frustrated with his return to
outdoor motocross
6:3 finishes on the day
with hopes that James could pose a
threat to the current points leader cool
part was is even in third place or even
in sixth place in the first moto
it's still like a wave of people
cheering me on out there and that's uh
that's definitely motivating that's
still cool to come up there and see the
guys cheering whether they're drunk or
they just like so it's all good we're
not all the way there yet you know I
think the bikes working great you know
we made some changes and the house and
stuff I made a few changes that second
button was better but uh you know we
just uh we'll get back you know for sure
I'm not uh I'm not where I was when I
started this season but at the same time
I I believe is better to be racing not
racing so you know that's why I wasn't
on to disappointed because I still know
that I got a lot left in Haines City
Florida the number seven Suzuki was
drydock during one of the biggest
weather events the year
he was forced to work through his
rehabilitation in the gym this week from
dominant race leader to barely making
the podium was beginning to play havoc
on James's patience but as any champion
has learned a sound strategy is a key to
getting back on top
many more secrets you know was her
I'll finish my attention you know
very exciting James Stewart has taken
the overall weight he makes the math
easy wins moto 1 he wins moto 2 welcome
back to motocross welcome back to
Victory Lane
James Stewart fries down are you ready
to go racin James Stewart takes it in
free stone
so at Stewart it is started with Scott
down while leading this race James
Stewart is in the Suzuki piste and
something is wrong we're not sure if
it's the Machine or James himself I
would say this but
this happened so quick you know Mike
cleaning everything in the world next
weekend
like 36 points
after starting mid-to-late pack there
jamesy work your way back up for a fifth
place place finish all these considered
is this a success I don't know
I can't even hold on my wrist is giving
me problems and I just wanted to try
having a hard time just hanging on so I
go back and see what we got the second
moto but I'm a little disappointed I
thought I'd be a little bit better in
this but
but I didn't have fun this weekend
the champion is a person who can control
the emotions keep them steady you know
you don't want to too high too low and
all that and so when I look at it is
that like why should I be motivated at
their loss like I should have motivate
one in two
you know and so I feel like you know
this year my approach has always been
the same like it hasn't really changed
whether whether I went to lose the
offices of a different book I feel like
the work is always done you know it's
always done when you're racing against
Riya and you know the guys like that you
every wife's trainer everybody's putting
the work in and when you're not riding a
motorcycle and you're not putting that
side of things then you get rested one
and then to motorcycle in shape it kills
you so bike fit so I think that part of
course show each other like motivation
like I didn't I didn't get back Monday
eighty miles on the bicycle you know I'm
not tired of that because I think that's
when you start going wrong could you
start doing things out of emotions is
that doing it the right way so as hard
as it is I think the best person around
spell to keep your emotions in check and
just
like it
next time on James Stewart outsider
unfortunately I had to make the decision
who to keep James out of what shoot
millville and wash oogle that was my
call I just feel at this point it's more
important to have James strong keep the
the big picture in mind which is for us
to to be ready for 2013 and use this
summer as a learning curve about our
bike and about working with James and to
go out there with him you know 50 60 %
strength to me just wasn't worth it
anymore so it was my call and I think
it's the right move we'll come back what
we got a good month to rehab the injury
and to get him back to fitness and and
we'll see where we're at when we come
back